---
title: October 4th, 2020
---

## Had an awful fight with my wife this morning, for the third day in a row

## 

## A beautiful autumn day outside

## 

## Today's "Guess my word"
### https://hryanjones.com/guess-my-word/

### My path: mad judge curb grief edge **frame**

## 

## Long-life, show your face.
Slow-heart, **curb** your taste.
Smoke me out of my hiding place.
Long-life, state your case.

## Long-life, speak your name.
So tired of the guessing game.
But, something is moving,
Just **out-of-frame**:
Slow-heart,
Brace and aim.
### ((7401ae37-ec63-42af-b190-807c7fe1a237)), “Occident”

## 

## __he states the case, sung to open sky__
### ((83e7090f-4553-4aa5-ab8c-e547e3fbb712)) haiku

## 

## ((4f89771e-898e-4d25-ac87-8aaa08ae9ba2)) in __The Self Awakened__:
### ​We awake in a particular world: not just the natural world we inhabit but the world of the institutions and practices, including the discursive practices, that hold sway around us. For better or worse, these practices stand between us and **the absolute frame of reference** — the view from above, from the vantage point of the stars.

### First, we must abandon our fantasies about multiple selves and multiple lives. We must embrace a particular trajectory and accept its consequences for the person we shall become.
#### #insight

### Then, we will struggle to learn how to feel the ghostly movements of the missing limbs: __by an act of imaginative love__, we must imagine the experience of the people we did not become… [and extend this to] accepting and imagining other people.

### As we struggle within the limits of our circumstance and our insight, and face the temptation to mistake disillusionment for wisdom, a carapace, made of character and compromise, begins to form around us…

### Our freedom and vitality require resistance against our own character as yet another reduction of the unlimited to the limited and of the fertile to the formulaic. Part of the carapace also comes from outside: resignation to the limits of an individual circumstance. We begin to think that the lives we lead are the only ones we shall ever lead, and fall down into the acceptance of what we take to be our fate.

### This combination of hardened character and unchallenged compromise results in a mummification of the self. We begin to die many small deaths. We can then live only by ripping apart this mummy that begins to encase us. We do not rip it apart to be virtuous or righteous; rather, we rip it apart so that we can live in such a manner that we die only once.

### We cannot rip it apart by a direct act of will. However, the will can operate indirectly and powerfully, if guided by a view of moral opportunity. We progress by a dynamic of engagement and self-transformation.

## 

## Bhikkhu Bodhi
### Our views might not be clearly formulated in our mind; we might have only a hazy conceptual grasp of our beliefs. But whether formulated or not, expressed or maintained in silence, these views have a far-reaching influence. They structure our perceptions, order our values, crystallize into the ideational **framework** through which we interpret to ourselves the meaning of our being in the world.

## 

## Northrop Frye
### [passages collected in my wiki](https://sensemaking.neocities.org/remuse.html#%5B%5BNorthrop%20Frye%5D%5D):

### This story of loss and regaining of identity is, I think, the **framework** of all literature.

### In literature you don't just read one poem or novel after another, but enter into **a complete world of which every work of literature forms part**. This affects the writer as much as it does the reader.

### __from another essay:__
#### Man does not live directly and nakedly in nature like the animals, but within an envelope that he has constructed out of nature, the envelope usually called culture or civilization…

#### The cultural aura, or whatever it is, that insulates us from nature consists among other things of words, and the verbal part of it is what I call a mythology, or the total structure of human creation conveyed by words, with literature at its centre. Such a mythology belongs to the mirror, not the window. It is designed to draw a circumference around human society and reflect its concerns, not to look directly at the nature outside. When man finally gets around to doing that, he has to develop the special language of science, a language which becomes increasingly mathematical in idiom…
