---
title: October 28th, 2020
---

## Maladapted. Lonely. I am a mountain to be scaled — an obstacle course, a test of will, a Magic Eye image that wants to be both hidden and seen.
### — AC Quinlan

## 

## ((d4b19b0a-9fbd-4f31-b6ff-6f087cdc13fa))

## 

## ((9874486d-8bbb-4aca-b3a2-d3eb8a815573))

## …

## ((eb984956-9316-4f93-9f79-51bef8f75428))
### ((d06a3012-f9f8-41aa-93bb-050e87b1db2a))

## 
### And if someone lives in obscurity,
befriending that obscurity,
he is interesting to people
by his very obscurity.
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:1f5defe4-820d-40cb-81e8-ec14f6b064bb
:END:
#### ((c48aa1c0-5eef-4a8c-88ed-49a3c5b72128))

### 

### To gaze deeply is to be broken
To be seized by obscured things
Inside your chest, a mute space expands
#### Mira Fong, [[The Sublime Wants To Reach You]]

### 

### April 5, 2016, written to my friend Ryan:
#### I've had thoughts of how I am "toiling in obscurity" here in barren Middle America … how I've afforded myself a canvas to work upon the size of a postage stamp, when I have visions that require the side of a building.

#### Words like waste, failure, and fraud are in the shadows of my life quite often.

### 

### "… It is easy to understand how men of dramatic genius dribble off into mediocrity **for want of a wall to sun their frescoes with**."
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:5d540e18-2df2-46e9-ab48-f06f7abde314
:END:
#### ((e1841f58-7f1a-46a4-b319-e369738b9550)), __Studies: An Irish Quarterly Review__ - [Vol. 7, No. 26](http://www.jstor.org/stable/30092686) (June 1918)

#### 

## Âme Chanson Clair
### your soul is a
chosen landscape —
our song mingles
with light of the moon

### #haiku

### lines taken from "Clair de lune" by ((9a83eb2e-dda9-4f30-b842-f048b25660a0))
published 1869 (he was age 25)

## 

## ((9b473167-98b6-4b5d-b14c-b8e01e57c0a0))
### ((2c81319d-b480-4b5d-badb-e7d325c69959))

## 

## "((0e31f894-d2af-4669-ac46-5236b3f8fcec))"
### ((d06a3012-f9f8-41aa-93bb-050e87b1db2a))

## 

## Sounds of laughter, shades of life
Are ringing through my open ears
Inciting and inviting me
Limitless, undying love
Which shines around me like a million suns
It calls me on and on across the universe
### John Lennon & Paul McCartney, 1968-69
#### Lennon said in 1970:
"It's one of the best lyrics I've written. In fact, it could be the best. It's good poetry, or whatever you call it, without chewin' it. See, the ones I like are the ones that stand as words, without melody. They don't have to have any melody, like a poem, you can read them."

## 

## "Because he has the shine, too."
"Shine?"
"It’s …" Danny made a sweeping, all-encompassing gesture with his hands. "It’s being able to understand things. To know things. Sometimes you see things."
### Stephen King, __The Shining__

## 

## the Great Light that shines through a pin-hole
### ((40a134ea-c7af-432b-97ff-994b9f6fd1e4)) in the song "A Pin-Light Bent" by Joanna Newsom

## 

## The reed — along with the grass, the mountain-top, and everything else — is the manifestation of a single, unitary ground. Alternatively called the Tao or the Void, this is an all-encompassing reality which permeates and shines through the “ten thousand things”, to borrow a phrase from Lao Tzu … the sacred which underlies and continually generates the natural world.
### ((cf7c522d-ef53-4c7d-adc8-aade716391ae))

## 

## When we concentrate on a material object, whatever its situation, the very act of attention may lead to our involuntarily sinking into the history of that object.… Transparent things, through which the past shines!
### ((fcd6ee86-339c-4d85-8ac2-9b56f5c70366))

## 

## Poem & Blessing
### __B’ruchah Ath Yah
Shekhinah Ruach ha-Olam__

### Blessed are you, Ground-Divine
Presence, Breath of the World

### Who has traveled through me,
And delivered me gifts.

### — ((b0e2e200-81a6-47eb-951d-73c446825625)), [Shining Tribe](https://rachelpollack.wordpress.com/2016/02/13/a-poem-and-a-blessing-about-art-part-two/) blog

## 

## Latin phrase __"Homo sum, humani nihil a me alienum puto."__
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:ed7ed7e7-6aaa-44f5-901c-ad5bbe83f75c
:END:
### https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Terence#Heauton_Timorumenos_(The_Self-Tormentor)

### Latin dramatist Terence (190–159 B.C.)

### https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Codex_Vaticanus_Latinus_3868

## 

## #Andee
### **Grace-Shining** or **Grace of the Divine**
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:1907ca7d-1ba8-47ac-b2a4-d796d95ac8c2
:END:
#### Hebrew חַנָּה‎ [ḥ-n-n](https://www.thefreedictionary.com/_/roots.aspx?type=Semitic&root=%E1%B8%A5nn) - Hannah - Anna - Ann "favour" or "grace"

#### https://www.etymonline.com/word/*dyeu-

#### Derivatives:
Sanskrit __deva__ "god" (literally "shining one"); __diva__ "by day;" Avestan __dava-__ "spirit, demon;" Greek __delos__ "clear;" Latin __dies__ "day," __deus__ "god"

### Quinlan [etymology](https://www.surnamedb.com/Surname/Quinlan): "Gentle Formed"
#### related to the concept of a "gentleman"

### 

### __Grace Shining Clear & Gentle Formed__

### 

## https://twitter.com/museical/status/1320627068762230785?s=20
### 1. My given name is derived from anthropos — not andros — in my own personal mythology.

### 2. My chosen middle name is from Latin clarus.

### 3. My surname broken into its Irish roots __caoin__ and __dealbh__
#### the diminutive suffix -an, meaning little or ‘child of’, is also fitting

### 

### Twitter conversation:
#### https://twitter.com/museical/status/1320782006586933249?s=20
