---
title: October 9th, 2020
---

## Musing on:
### __"Every idea needs a Medium"__

### #Michel

### Usonian Art and Architecture (Frank Loyd Wright)

## 

## From the 1999 film __The Matrix:__
### __This is your last chance. After this, there is no turning back. You take the blue pill — the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill — you stay in Wonderland, and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes. Remember, all I'm offering is the truth — nothing more.__

### http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_pill_and_blue_pill

## 

## Edwin Muir, "The Confirmation"
### __Simple with giving, gives the primal deed,
The first good world, the blossom, the blowing seed,
The hearth, the steadfast land, the wandering sea,
Not beautiful or rare in every part,
But like yourself, as they were meant to be.__

### Scottish poet, novelist, translator (1887-1959)

## 

## [Dekatessera Lexeis](https://sensemaking.neocities.org/remuse.html#%5B%5BDekatessera%20Commentary%5D%5D) ~ δεκατεσσερα λεξεις

## __But__ —

## There is no perfect formulation for living; no ethical or existential codex.

## 

## "The Veiled Image at Sais"
### 1795 ballad by Friedrich Schiller

### https://www.bartleby.com/270/12/98.html

### https://archive.org/details/cu31924075748529/page/n97/mode/2up

### It begins:
#### A youth, athirst for knowledge, (hot desire!)
To Sais came, intent to explore the dark
And hoarded wisdom of Egyptian priests.

## 

## Novalis, __The Novices of Sais__
### Someone arrived there — who lifted the veil of the goddess, at Sais. — But what did he see? He saw — wonder of wonders — himself.

### 

### ((a160672b-ea0c-4df9-b6d8-16de4668881a))

### 

### Various are the roads of man. He who follows and compares them will see strange figures emerge, figures which seem to belong to **that great cipher which we discern written everywhere**, in wings, eggshells, clouds and snow, in crystals and in stone formations, on ice-covered waters, on the inside and outside of mountains, of plants, beasts and men, in the lights of heaven, on scored disks of pitch or glass or in iron filings round a magnet, and in strange conjunctures of chance. In them we suspect a key to the magic writing, even a grammar, but our surmise takes on no definite forms and seems unwilling to become a higher key.
#### __an older translation:__

#### Men travel in manifold paths: whoso traces and compares these, will find strange Figures come to light; Figures which seem as if they belonged to **that great Cipher-writing which one meets with everywhere**, on wings of birds, shells of eggs, in clouds, in the snow, in crystals, in forms of rocks, in freezing waters, in the interior and exterior of mountains, of plants, animals, men, in the lights of the sky, in plates of glass and pitch when touched and struck on, in the filings round the magnet, and the singular conjunctures of Chance. In such Figures one anticipates the key to that wondrous Writing, the grammar of it; but this Anticipation will not fix itself into shape…
